Added docs for imagePullSecret (#4446)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/reference/config/installation-options/index.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| `global.hub` | `gcr.io/istio-release` | `Default hub for Istio images. Releases are published to docker hub under 'istio' project. Daily builds from prow are on gcr.io, and nightly builds from circle on docker.io/istionightly` |
| `global.tag` | `release-1.1-latest-daily` | `Default tag for Istio images.` |

> | `global.imagePullSecrets` | `` | `List of secrets to use when pulling Istio images from a secure registry.` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `global.imagePullSecrets` | `` | `Lists the secrets you need to use to pull Istio images from a secure registry.` |
```

> | `global.imagePullSecrets` | `` | `Lists the secrets you need to use to pull Istio images from a secure registry.` |

Reviewer 2: this is the wrong way to document this option.  Please modify values.yaml for the relevant component as this documentation is autogenerated.
